now you met your wife I mean very early
on didn't you yes oh yes I mean I'd only
been in Liverpool for six months and we
were married and she's been with you
ever since you've been she has there's a
heart yes she has she had a very very
strong and wonderful woman I put a
message from her all right Richard came
up to join the company this was in 1956
because not good about his food really
and truly and looked after himself
terribly badly so I used to occasionally
take him under my wing and in return for
that one day he asked me to go round for
supper first of all we had soup and we'd
got into the habit of not having chins
of soup much more the thing to do was to
have from Florida vegetable soup really
vegetable soup I remember one Christmas
we got down to our last few pounds and
so when people sent his presence we used
to wrap them up and send them off to
other people as just you be able to give
them a present kind of thing put that on
as well the first time I remember him it
stood there with one eyes like because
he was so exhausted and tired so he
didn't look terribly good looking at
that different and he also had some
spots on his face because he didn't know
how to look after himself as I said and
he was frying everything including
scones he presented the whole thing very
good although it was really there wasn't
a lot of cooking involved was there but
he presented it very nicely
it was lovely it was very sweet of him
I sort of thought I wanted to mother in
a bit really and truly
fifty years ago it's unbelievable hello
darling
I hope you liked the reconstruction of
that meal that you've cooked me all
those years ago it reminded me of lots
of things and I hope you have a lovely
day that was wonderful I shall treasure
that in spirit I'm good
so really needs to came along and
rescued you from yes from starvation